One of the easiest ways to drive revenue
faster from a channel like LinkedIn is
to run ads to open opportunities that
are already talking to your sales team.
We call this process acceleration. And
running acceleration campaigns, it
doesn't require a lot of budget because
you usually don't have as many open
opportunities and the audience sizes are
much smaller. And what we can do is we
can be a great partner to sales and try
to move those deals faster through the
sales process. And in this video, I'm
going to walk you through our three-step
playbook that we use inside our ad
agency to run LinkedIn acceleration
campaigns. If you're new to the channel,
I'm Sylvia Perez. I'm the founder of Ad
Conversion. We teach 8,000 plus B2B
marketers how to master ads, and we
manage over $3 million a month in ad
spend for top B2B SAS brands. Let's go
ahead and dive in to the three-step
playbook so you can put this into
practice after this video. As I
mentioned, this is a three-step
playbook. So, I'm going to be walking
you through exactly how to do this so
that you can be a great partner to sales
and try to move those deals along
faster. First step is we want to send
open opportunities to LinkedIn for
targeting. So, we want to create a
connection from your CRM and the
LinkedIn ads manager. So, anytime a new
open opportunity is marked qualified in
your CRM, it gets sent into LinkedIn and
then that way we enroll it into our
evergreen acceleration campaigns. The
way you could do this is you could use
Zapier. It's personally one of my
favorite ways to do it. And inside of
Zapier, you're going to create a
workflow to send company information of
again specifically those qualified
opportunities to LinkedIn ads. So you
can see here on the right, I've got a
whole workflow created in Zapier where
I'm connecting HubSpot to LinkedIn ads.
And in this example, I'm showing you
when the deal property, the deal stage
is marked as qualified to buy, it is
then getting pushed as an audience into
LinkedIn ads. So, this is really cool
because what this does is now we're
setting up this dynamic audience so that
it can run in the background as like an
evergreen workflow and it's not
something that we have to like go in and
update and manually upload a list every
single time. So, highly recommend
setting this up so you can just automate
this entire process. If you don't have a
large enough list in terms of the amount
of open opportunities that you're
targeting, you could always target
companies manually inside of LinkedIn
ads using the company name targeting
feature. So you can see here in this
example I'm specifically targeting
Google ads. This is great when you don't
have audience size and you just need to
go like hyperfocused on a specific
company. This is one of the perks of
LinkedIn. You can run these onetoone
campaigns. So it does take a bit more
work where you have to like go in here
and target each company and add into
your audience. But if you don't have a
large enough list, this is a good
workaround. Otherwise like definitely
make sure you set this up dynamically.
Once we have that list pushed into
LinkedIn and we're, you know, we're able
to target the open opportunities that we
care about, the second step is we want
to launch social proof and objection
campaigns. So, it's important to
remember that prospects usually don't
buy due to value or price. Those are
usually the two reasons why somebody
won't move forward with you. And social
proof campaigns really help us improve
the perceived value of our product. And
then objection campaigns can really help
overcome price and you know any other
objections that might stop somebody from
making the final decision to move
forward with us. So social proof is
other people saying how great you are.
Here's an example for our ad agency
where we have a customer of ours that
talked about how we drove, you know,
almost $2 million a year in qualified
pipeline from ads which was incredible
year-over-year. And then basically what
we're doing is we're taking her post in
this case and then we're boosting it as
a thought leader ad to our open
opportunities which is pretty cool. So
this is also where social proof you
could use the thought leader ad format
and make it even more powerful where it
looks organic and it's native and you
take that existing post and then you
promote it. Here's another one from
another client of ours where she's
talking about like how working with us
is like having a strategic growth
partner. So we're taking that and then
we're promoting it to our open
opportunities. And this is really
powerful because you know again it's
about value versus price and especially
in the agency world like expertise and a
lack of expertise is a big objection. So
hearing directly from your customers not
only saying how great you are but
publicly posting on their LinkedIn how
great you are is like another level of
social proof. Objection campaigns can
vary but the goal is simple. You really
want to just focus on addressing the key
sales blockers. So continuing our
example of experience, this is a post
where we're showcasing an award that we
got. So we won paid ads agency of the
year, a cyber security marketing
conference, which is really cool. So
we're basically showing this image where
we're saying, hey, we're not just any
agency, we're an award-winning agency,
and then we're showing the images and
then we're promoting it again to our
open opportunities. So in addition to
the social proof, they're also seeing
these types of campaigns that we're
trying to overcome objections. And this
is where you can get really creative. I
I really recommend that you speak with
sales and you ask them, hey, what are
the most common objections you're
getting in the sales process and then
work backwards and think, okay, what's a
way that we could try to overcome that
specific objection? So, for example,
maybe for pricing you could come up with
a pricing calculator, right? So, this is
where you kind of get have to get a bit
creative, but or maybe for social proof
you could do case studies or
testimonials, right? Uh there's so many
things you could do, but once you have
these two types of campaigns in mind, it
really allows you to then have a
framework to think within to be able to
stand up these two campaigns. Now, with
these two campaigns alone, just to think
about how powerful this is, prospects
now are seeing other people praise you
and you're seeing that third party
validation and proof. And then in
addition to that, you're overcoming
proactively objections in the sales
process. So, you know, your sales team
doesn't have a ton of time with their
prospects. They might have a 30-minute
demo here and there. So, they don't have
a lot of time to cover the full scope
and breadth of how you can actually
solve their problems. So, if you're
coming up these objection campaigns and
you're running these unique angles, you
could really help further educate those
prospects as they're in the sales
process. And especially when you're
enterprise, perception is reality. And
if they see you more often, they're
going to perceive you as bigger than you
might be. and you can use that in your
favor in terms of improving the win rate
and shortening the sales cycle. And to
really just emphasize the best part of
this entire acceleration process and
this playbook is that it's low cost and
it can deliver a huge ROI because if you
want to drive ROI faster, it's easier to
start from the bottom and work your way
up than start from the top and work your
way down. Meaning, it's easier to start
from the bottom of the funnel and go up
versus start from the top of the funnel
and go down. Because again, these people
are like steps away from becoming a
customer. So just getting them to
convert at a faster rate and a higher
deal size is much easier than now going
and convincing a complete stranger that
they're interested in what you have to
say in the beginning and then getting
them to sign up and then getting them on
a sales call, then qualifying. There's
so many steps that have to happen versus
these people are like two steps away
from entering the door and you just got
to help get them through. Hope this
video was valuable. Be sure to give this
video a thumbs up. Really helps us grow
our reach as a small channel. And
subscribe so you can be notified of
future videos. When you're ready, check
us out over at adconversion.com and join
our community of 8,000 plus B2B
marketers and master ads with our free
courses. I'll see you in the next one.